office the second one you know there to
Smitty you're not hung it up there the
first one you know that's just the you
know the nature of the game you know tip
past and you can't do nothing about that
but I think if the second one was you
know even you know more disgusting you
know hung the football up that it was a
man-to-man with safety over the top and
you know safety was reading my eyes so
it's bound to happen you know like i
said i got to do a better job and you
know making myself accountable with you
know you know protecting the football i
think if you know without any of those
interceptions I think we found a way
that you know when it's football game
whether you know defense start picking
it up in the second half just like tall
fence and you know I feel as if you know
that was the difference in the game
challenging stop in the running
I don't really think so because you know
they went up 13-0 we still you know the
game was still in grass I don't think it
was ever one dimensional I think we was
you know we just have to execute running
the ball throwing the football it all
comes down to execution I was one of the
keys to success for this game coach
mentioned it and we got to stick to it
looking forward obviously you know not
the labor the point Ryan Kalil had the
newspaper advertisement now you got a
tough schedule coming up scenes for days
rest of the Giants and then at Atlanta
let's put more pressure on you guys no
pressure at all no we're not like any
other team mystica member just like any
other team in asleep being faced with
adversity or you know it's just a nature
to schedule and whoever's up in our
schedule we have to you know stick to
the keys of the game and you know you
know play football at the end of the day
three
no it's on me to say you know no one
likes losing you know I think the most
frustrating part in my behalf you know
knowing that I wish I had those two
throws back but you know I can't gotta
move on move on and continuously to get
better come back Monday watch the film
making the adjustments and get ready for
it you know the words